<!-- @format -->

# Typescript projects

The TypeScript Projects code and its npx commands:

## Basic Calculator:

Here is a simple cli based calculator which can perform basic calculator
operation. it takes two values from user and perform the following task

you can check the application by running this command below:

<code>npx project_00_calcualtor</code>

## Random Number Guessing Game:

This guess the number game is a short TypeScript/Node.js project that allows the
user to guess the number generated by the computer. There are also several ways
to alter the game, like adding more rounds or displaying the score. It’s quite
simple and uses the random function to generate a number.

you can check the application by running this command below:

<code>npx ts-01-guessinggame</code>

## Basic ATM Application:

This somewhat complex TypeScript/Node.js project is a console-based application.
When the system starts the user is prompted with a user id and user pin. After
entering the details successfully, the ATM functionalities are unlocked. All the
user data is generated randomly.

you can check the application by running this command below:

<code>npx ts-02-atm</code>

## TODO list application

Simple Command Line TO DO List Develop a simple command line Todo app using
TypeScipt, Node.js and Inquirer.

you can check the application by running this command below:

<code>npx tsp_03_todolist</code>

## Currency convertor

The TypeScript console app is used to convert currencies: the users enter a
certain amount of money in one currency and set the currency they want to check
the monetary value of.

While developing the app, the beginners can master variables, algorithms, loops,
if statements, and other TypeScript concepts.

you can check the application by running this command below:

<code>npx tsp_04_currencyconverter</code>
